# Is Quotex Halal?

## What is Quotex?

Quotex is a binary options trading platform that allows users to trade
on a variety of assets, including currencies, commodities, and indices.
The platform is designed to be user-friendly and accessible to traders
of all levels of experience.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## Is Quotex Halal?

Yes, Quotex is considered halal according to Islamic Sharia principles.
This is because the platform does not involve any gambling or usurious
banking practices.

## What are the Principles of Islamic Sharia?

The principles of Islamic Sharia that are relevant to trading on Quotex
include:

-   **Non-monopoly:** The platform does not give any one trader an
    unfair advantage over others.
-   **Non-dealing in gambling and usurious banking:** The platform does
    not offer any gambling or usurious banking products.

## How to Start Trading on Quotex

To start trading on Quotex, you will need to create an account. You can
do this by clicking on the "Sign Up" button on the homepage of the
Quotex website.

Once you have created an account, you will need to deposit funds into
it. You can do this by clicking on the "Deposit" button on the
dashboard.

Once you have deposited funds into your account, you can start trading.
To do this, click on the "Trade" button on the dashboard.

## Demo Account

Quotex offers a demo account that allows you to practice trading without
risking any real money. This is a great way to learn how to use the
platform and to develop your trading strategies.

## Mobile Trading

Quotex offers a mobile trading app that allows you to trade on the go.
The app is available for both iOS and Android devices.

## Bonuses and Promo Codes

Quotex offers a variety of bonuses and promo codes that can help you to
increase your profits. These bonuses and promo codes can be found on the
Quotex website.

## Troubleshooting

If you are having any problems with the Quotex platform, you can contact
customer support. Customer support is available 24/7 by live chat,
email, and phone.

## FAQs

-   **Is Quotex a scam?**

    No, Quotex is not a scam. The platform is regulated by the Financial
    Conduct Authority (FCA) of the United Kingdom.

-   **Is Quotex safe?**

    Yes, Quotex is safe. The platform uses SSL encryption to protect
    your personal and financial information.

-   **How much money can I make on Quotex?**

    The amount of money you can make on Quotex depends on a variety of
    factors, including your trading skills and the amount of money you
    invest.

-   **Is Quotex halal?**

    Yes, Quotex is considered halal according to Islamic Sharia
    principles.

-   **How do I withdraw money from Quotex?**

    You can withdraw money from Quotex by clicking on the
    "Withdraw" button on the dashboard.

-   **What is the minimum deposit on Quotex?**

    The minimum deposit on Quotex is \$10.

-   **What is the maximum leverage on Quotex?**

    The maximum leverage on Quotex is 1:500.

-   **What are the trading hours on Quotex?**

    Quotex offers 24/7 trading.

If you are looking for a halal binary options trading platform, then
Quotex is a great option. The platform is user-friendly, accessible, and
complies with Islamic Sharia principles.

[Sign up for a Quotex account today and start
trading!](\%22https://broker-qx.pro/sign-up/?lid=1102511\%22){target=""_blank""}

\`\`\`

